## Q-Server  
A simple jobs queue for easy projects like a home server. The most minimal system requirements is only php 7.4+. A queue can use different drivers to store information. Currently only works with files. I would be glad for your help in connecting drivers

## Why?
For servers with limited resources and simple projects. I am using this queue for my home server. When I need to give the server a long task like a long processing or downloading a file and go about my business.

## Not for big projects!
Do not use this project for large projects. It's not designed to handle a lot of tasks, workers and servers

## Minimal system requirements  
* PHP 7.4+  

it is all ;)

## How it works
The main idea is that full-fledged bash commands are sent to the queue. This makes it more flexible given that it's designed to run on a single server.

### Run listener
`php q-server.php worker`

### Put command in queue
`php q-server.php put --cmd='cd path/to/project/ && php command.php' --comment='run my command'`


## Commands
`put` - put job in queue  
`worker` - run listener. Listens to the queue and executes the jobs. Your task is to maintain the constant performance of the worker.
`help` - run help command  

## "put" command parameters:
    --cmd         - command for run on
    --comment     - just comment for list command
    --id          - command id. optional. by default generated by script
    --delay       - delay before run in seconds. default is 0
    --tries       - tries for run before kill job. default is 1
    --tries_delay - delay between tries in seconds. default is 180 (3 min)
 